hi guys today I just want to check out
the browser here a little bit on the
Galaxy Note 3 and also the iPhone 5s
because I got some requests about that
as well people wanted to have a video
about it so I've sent with one here
final on the iPhone 5s and then of
course an f-14 KitKat here on the
samsung galaxy s4 so 7.1 over here so
just gonna open up this far browser and
then of course on this only Internet
browser here and I do have a website
over here which is Jesus and marina now
of course the big thing you're gonna
notice here is that there's a big
difference in the color white white
looks is so much more white on that LCD
panel on the iPhone but then again it's
a little bit of a small display which I
find love it they're not so attractive
another thing I noticed is actually with
- I never noticed earlier is that when i
zoom in here let's say I've started to
go up and down like this I can't use
suddenly start to go to the side or I
mean I can only continue to go up and
down if I take up my finger I can
suddenly do this again and if I start to
do it like this I can't do it up like
this without releasing the display which
is a little bit running because I
haven't been thinking about it if you
want to go up and down like this you
have to start doing that and now you can
go up and down of course and do whatever
you like so you can it's like three
modes we don't have the same on the
galaxy and the galaxy it no three Apple
is probably doing it together feel it
looks a little more smooth you can see
here I don't know how this like free
mode seems working go wherever I want
and it gets in crates it kind of like a
little bit more of a shaky feeling
something I've never been thinking about
before but you start to think about
right now
this is tab here okay seems to be
loading up quicker here only iPhone 5s
the cool thing else with the iPhone 5s
here is if we want to go back a page
look at how quick it is compared to the
other snow three I mean I don't think I
have to go back i key just go on the
side here and it will already have
cached that little page that I get
previously was also very very cool one
of the bad things of course here with
the with the iPhone 5s so if i zoom out
completely I can still read the text
most of the text but it's almost like a
concreted text on the Galaxy Note 3 I
can actually see the text pretty clear
this 1080p display without even having
to zoom in so that's another cool little
thing they're also going up and down
it's a little bit slow on the iPhone 5s
I definitely want to have it quicker so
I don't have too much in a long text on
the guys of three I can do one swipe and
I'm up and I'm down and it's very
impressive so actually I do enjoy that
more on the Galaxy Note 3 yeah let's see
here if we can have another article here
you can see it's loading up I know we're
all here it seems like the iPhone is a
little bit snappier in speed with the
with Safari browser which is a very good
browser here so yeah
it's quickly look here both are very
good I would steal from me personally
have the Galaxy Note 3's winner biggest
piece I do like big things big displays
but if Apple can pull off a big iPhone
this year I'm definitely down for it so
yeah he's off